[Music]
ever felt awkward because you
misinterpreted someone's meaning in a
text message I know it happens to the
best of us emojis help of course but
it's much easier to get it all right
when you hear the actual voice isn't it
well people all over the world have
noticed that voice messaging is becoming
today's number one trend in online
communication and although it might seem
rather strange to some it's actually a
pretty convenient way to talk okay I get
it
in the internet era many of us shy away
from real-time conversations especially
on the phone admit it when choosing a
way to get through to someone actually
calling them is not even in the top
three most people I know at least would
rather send a text in a messenger an SMS
or in the worst case scenario an email
that's because a phone call is almost
like meeting someone in person when you
have to think fast and react to the
opponent's words immediately basically
it takes some courage to make that call
that is if it's a business conversation
you're facing with friends it's a bit
easier but still not too convenient you
never know whether the person you're
calling is okay to talk right now and
they just might cancel your call or even
worse what if your friends at some
important event and forgot to turn off
the sound imagine sitting in a theater
there's the climatic scene on the stage
and when the emotions are at their peak
your phone suddenly starts ringing a
merry tune awkward is too soft a word
for this huh I know what you're gonna
say now that's what text messages are
for but then again it's all too easy to
misinterpret their meaning especially if
you don't like emojis or well if you're
bad at grammar happens to me all the
time so this is one of the main reasons
why voice notes are becoming a thing you
just swipe your finger over a tiny
microphone icon in the messenger talk to
your hand for a couple of seconds or
minutes if you've got that much to say
tap the send button and here it goes the
other person will get your message
exactly as you intended it without the
need to interpret the dry and faceless
symbols on their screen
what's more they can listen to your
message anytime they want so you won't
bother them
another huge advantage of voice
messaging is that you feel like you're
closer to the person you're talking to
getting a good morning sunshine
text from your sweetheart is cute and
all but isn't it better to hear them
actually saying it into your ear it's
something so intimate and warm that
you'll be instantly filled with positive
emotions that's the best way to start
your day if you ask me of course it
might seem a bit weird at first since
nobody likes hearing their own voice in
a playback but hey you don't have to if
you don't want to and be everyone else
is used to that voice not the one in
your head so stop being self-conscious
and give it a try I'm sure you'll get
the hang of it in a flash just like
millions of people worldwide it's also
way faster by the way than typing all
you want to say in the text once again
imagine you'd like to make some sort of
a romantic confession to your vu how
much happier will they be hearing you
saying it all out loud instead of
reading it in a text a really sweet one
but still the text and you on the other
hand will just have spent less time on
recording it than typing it out win-win
just don't propose this way that's a bad
idea anyway voice notes are something
you should really think about they're
closer to a real conversation than texts
and yet they're private enough that you
don't feel uncomfortable sending them
even to a business partner or your boss
in fact engaging someone you work with
in a voice note dialog just might be a
strategically correct decision in his
2012 research Jess and Hobson associate
professor of accountancy at the
University of Illinois found out that
there are voice markers that might
indicate financial misreporting simply
put when you read a financial report on
paper you can only judge the situation
by the words and numbers you see on the
paper when you hear the person
responsible for those numbers talking
about them though you perceive not only
what they say but how they say it this
kind of reading between the lines just
might help you catch if something's off
about their speech and you know what's
even cooler than that the same method
works in everyday life too that's kind
of obvious when you read a text saying
sorry I'll be late to meet your parents
today my dog got sick you virtually have
no choice but to believe the
words well if there's an actual dog out
there of course and now picture this you
receive a voice note saying all the same
words but in a voice that's obviously
sleepy you immediately understand the
real reason behind the situation hey
it's almost like lie to me in real life
speaking about guessing games by the way
there's another awesome bonus voice
notes provide you can find out lots of
additional information about the person
you're talking to just by hearing them
numerous studies have shown that judging
only by the voice we can pretty
accurately assume a person's gender
seems obvious but you never know age
race height and even weight okay now
this is getting a little disturbing so
someone I don't know can have a complete
description of me based only on my voice
I think I'll stick to talking to people
I actually know anyway if you can
describe even a stranger by their voice
then it can certainly help in
recollecting what old friends look like
you know our memories sometimes falters
have you ever noticed that you could
forget the faces of even the nearest and
dearest to you sound off in the comments
if you have I'm sure I'm not alone now
am i that can actually be attributed to
how our brain works according to some
scientists the more we see a person the
less our brain feels the need to
memorize their face in detail making us
second-guess ourselves when we try to
draw their portrait in our mind try it
now with those you love deeply so what
I'm getting at is that hearing the voice
of a person can help you create an image
of them in your mind once again making
you feel closer to them doesn't it feel
nice to be a bit nearer to someone you
care about especially if you're far away
from each other with no real means to
meet then why choose text messages you
can actually talk yeah now you see what
I mean and last but not least as opposed
to phone calls or even video calls which
are also an awesome way to get closer by
the way voice notes stay with you after
you finish talking so you can relive the
conversation any time you want just
listening to the dear voice recorded on
your phone isn't that a loan worth
giving voice messaging a try and what
about you what kind of online
communication do you prefer share your
favorites in the comment section below
don't forget to give the
video alike share with your friends and
click the subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life